add acknow, cover image, and license in index (#71)
r-devel/rdevguide: index.Rmd

author: "R Contribution Working Group"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
site: bookdown::bookdown_site
output: bookdown::gitbook
documentclass: book
bibliography: [book.bib]
biblio-style: apalike
link-citations: yes
github-repo: forwards/rdevguide
url: 'TDDO'

> cover-image: "img/Rlogo.png"

Reviewer: I think you need to create an image of a book cover using the R logo as the main image. See for example the images on https://bookdown.org/ - they are the cover image of the hard copy book. We don't have a hard copy book of course, but you could create a cover page as a PDF to use as an image (e.g. with PDF export from Word or some other program) . Actually the image for "R Programming for Data Science" looks like a self-made example. So you just need the title, the image and R Contribution Working Group as the author.

Consider how it will look on Twitter, e.g. https://twitter.com/straightedge/status/1203515396910772230?s=20&t=3ApdM_TKev1KPzMP3IW7WA - either make the whole image square or center the image vertically on a larger page so that only the R logo shows on the Twitter image.

favicon: "img/Rlogo.svg"
description: "A guide to R development."
---

# Acknowledgement

> Initial chapters of this guide were developed by Saranjeet Kaur Bhogal, in a project funded by the R Foundation, mentored by Heather Turner and Michael Lawrence. It draws on documentation and articles written by the R Core Team. The initial version of the guide was upgraded as a part of the [Google Season of Docs 2022](https://github.com/rstats-gsod/gsod2022/wiki/GSOD-2022-Proposal) project with two Technical Writers and reviewed by the [Steering Committee](https://github.com/rstats-gsod/gsod2022/wiki/GSOD-2022-Proposal#steering-committee).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide draws on documentation and articles written by the R Core Team. 
Initial chapters of the guide were developed by Saranjeet Kaur Bhogal, in a project funded by the R Foundation, mentored by Heather Turner and Michael Lawrence. This initial version was upgraded in a [Google Season of Docs 2022](https://github.com/rstats-gsod/gsod2022/wiki/GSOD-2022-Proposal) project with Saranjeet Kaur Bhogal and Lluís Revilla Sancho working as technical writers managed by Nicolas Bennett and overseen by a [Steering Committee](https://github.com/rstats-gsod/gsod2022/wiki/GSOD-2022-Proposal#steering-committee) including representatives from R Core and the wider R community.
```

> This guide has benefited and continues to be benefited from varied contributions by several [contributors](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide#contributors-). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide has benefited and continues to benefit from varied contributions by several [contributors](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide#contributors-). 
```

> [![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/){width=180px}

Reviewer: Use the images from Creative Commons: https://creativecommons.org/choose/results-one?license_code=by&amp;jurisdiction=&amp;version=4.0&amp;lang=en. The image must be included in this repo (in the `./img` directory) as a PNG or PDF so that the book will compile to PDF.
